[Music]
Okay, let's get into this topic because I do
n't want them to give us the all because we've already
started too late. Well, the
all If they're going to give us the all If they're
going to give us because we started too
late Joaquín Campos has released his book you will have it
fixed in the first line
of comments of the excerpt okay And the
book is already giving a lot to talk about which in
part is good in part it is very good
obviously because the book is having
a lot of promotion I mean everyone
is talking about the book I have to go to the
mailbox to see if I have it
there already eh Because I think that capable and it
is e What's up Consuelo Look Consuelo
is on Facebook do you want to Browse the
internet safely and also
access all the content of your
favorite platforms like Netflix hbo
Max or Disney Plus cyberghost VPN And I do
n't know if you know but there is
content that is not available in your country
and with this little trick you can
access all the content wherever you
are I don't know if you know what a
VPN is but it's an extension that you put on
your internet with which it masks the IP and
apart  Browse completely safely and
anonymously without anyone being able to know who you
are and where you are It helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available there are
television programs for example on Mediaset
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with Cyber ​​Ghost VPN that is
over apart from being protected and
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy live
streams without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of a 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be
careful because you can try cyberghost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you can ask for a refund and they will
return the piece So don't wait any longer
to protect your connection and improve your
internet experience run click on
the link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer  Cyber ​​goost VPN to
browse completely free and secure we
continue with the video I think I can and I have
the book there I have to get closer
man But anyway I've been I asked a
friend for the part where he
talked about Carmen
to take a look at it no because
apparently Carmen balfagón got
really angry with Joaquín and apparently she
wants to report him no So let's
find out what the thing is about first
let's see what Joaquín says on his channel
and then we'll see an interview he
did with trium on his channel on his channel
okay I don't rule out calling Joaquín
eh What happens is that tomorrow I have what happens is that
tomorrow I have
Bueno who I have on the
main channel and then Joaquín I don't know if
on Sunday maybe I don't know I'll talk to him
but the thing is that Joaquín is in Barcelona
with dareol No right now no yesterday he was
in Madrid and today he had the thing about
Barcelona that he announced to us bu ya
Hello good afternoon from Madrid
Joaquín Campos
eh from Ponzano street  6971 where
the headquarters of Hercules Diario is right
where I came from talking for the report
that I'm going to send this Saturday that's going to
be really spectacular about the case
in question. Moreno is from Argentina,
no. Hey, but I saw, I saw, I saw, like he's
2 m tall. I didn't expect that Joaquín was, I
mean because I saw the photo with him with
Javi with him. Speaking clearly, of course,
giant, I was with him in person a
few years ago and I think he's the biggest person I've ever
seen in my life and they
're barely the same. I mean, I didn't expect Joaquín to
be so, so tall.
Also, let me tell you that yesterday he went on sale, uh,
as you know, dead in Thailand, and I
have some very important news to
tell you, which is that the publishing house, that
book publishing house, has confirmed to me that they are
printing the second edition,
therefore, I don't know
which, I don't know how many books
an edition is, each edition is, but it's a
lot, not that on the first day they have to
bring out the second edition in
a lot. No, that means that the
books are selling at Ob Bestia and I
want to thank you all.  everyone the effort
that you're making and I hope you like it and
I hope the word spreads and you put reviews
wherever you bought it on Amazon or
wherever this Saturday's episode
will be in Barcelona because tomorrow we have an
appointment at the
Fahrenheit bookstore on Calle de la
Ribera in the Born market in Barcelona
and we announced that here the other day,
not Saturday, this announcement of what I
'm telling you about the episode that we're going to
have where we're going to talk about something
essential, which is how you can buy
a judge or a court or a prosecutor in
Thailand. I've
spoken with experts and they've told me
how it's done and how it shouldn't be done. I'm
ending this also by remembering, I think you've
seen the news that
Mrs. Carmen Balfagón seems to have
felt hurt and wants to report the
content of the
book where this has been said
officially 5,000 books one edition what
are you telling me has sold 5,000 books
Joaquín Campo the first day that you're
container to me that you're container to me yes 5,000
books one edition they couldn't connect
live this afternoon where Sara  in
Barcelona today they couldn't do it Ah but it
's tomorrow what happened in Barcelona here a greeting
to Carmen and I reinforce myself
in the content of the book that I
assure you is worth the content of the
book I have read the part that deals with Carmen
okay it is unique
overwhelming and it comes close to what we
could say that is what you don't know
about the case If people are affected by
the content it is because we have hit the
right key we will see you on Saturday 4 in the afternoon
in Spain noon in Argentina where I
went and 10 at night in Thailand and 11
in Bali Joaquín we are in each episode
eighth from Barcelona second time that I
repeat city Thank you for everything Death in
Thailand Oh by the way By the way what
How can I talk about death in Thailand
and not show it from the headquarters of Hércules
diario until Saturday listen to me Eh
well before going to see what he
talked about yesterday with trium Okay
HM I have seen it because I asked
a friend I think I have to have the book
tomorrow because tomorrow Saturday I don't
know if Open email but it should happen to me in case
it  return or whatever
no mmm But well I asked a
friend to send me no what is it that he
talks about what is it that he talks about about
Carmen for Carmen to have been
so offended no me personally I
personally speak about Carmen
questioning
her title not as a criminal her
professionalism as a lawyer
and that on some occasions she expresses herself in a
vulgar way or that she writes in a
vulgar way I personally this
is always very subjective okay I don't see it as a
violation of honor I think
that we are all free to have an opinion about a
person who is making m
habitually also makes a fool of herself
quite
eh on television I mean on many
occasions we have even seen that Carmen
balfagón did not know the case we have
seen that she had not read the summary
that she had not read let's go not even a large
part of the documentation that that that that there
is of all that
we have talked about or rather they do not know they have no
idea a lot of it of course she spends more
time on TV than studying the
case no um
then of course how are you not going to be able to
criticize and question her professionalism
for me yes you can  eh For me yes you can I mean there
are no expressions that are very
outrageous yes they can be
annoying expressions it can be a little bit of a criticism
and I don't consider it to be an
unfortunate criticism either Then it
could be because Joaquín gets involved in
commenting on some things about whether Carmen
Balfagón is linked to the
politics of Vox of the PP I don't know what Maybe
that is a little bit
eh taken from, I mean let's see maybe
taken from a poor source No, I
mean maybe that is a little bit poorly based I mean they have
n't told me they've told me I
imagine that eh Let's see I don't know he will
trust his sources Joaquín and that is already a
problem but leaving aside the fact
that it is more or less truthful which does not have to
be true but the moment that it
has a little bit of truthfulness it is enough
and I do not see it as a violation of
honor eh what Terer Yáñez did I
saw this afternoon on the Canal de
Hablando Claro today we are going to see Okay
now we are going to see an extract wait
now we're going to see an excerpt from
Ester Yáñez but with dareol that's
family my opinion what I think to
close this excerpt okay what I think is
happening with Carmen Balfagón surely
these people are very stung and very
angry okay But if it's true that she's going to
file a lawsuit a complaint no I can't think of
anything worth reporting if it's true
that she's going to file a lawsuit I don't think
it's because of what she's written in the book
as such but what I think she would do What she will do for
sure okay if there's a
lawsuit I'll put my hands in the fire
Because it will be in this way compiling
everything that Joaquín has said all this
time these two years on the
YouTube channels that he has been on, that is,
seeing it in its entirety and every
unfortunate word every accusation that they
can grab onto Okay then try to go
there That's what I think okay
but for the content of the book very
weak because then you know that the whole
issue of the lawsuits no then
what to you Maybe it doesn't seem right
then a game comes to the one who does seem right okay
I'm giving you my opinion  As a
YouTuber, that is, not even as a
legal professional or anything like that,
but I see him as very weak, well, I see him, I
see him as weak, eh, he made a statement
without more. In other words, we still don't know
100% if it is true that he is going to sue
or not. No, I mean, it is a statement and
we will see.